hi everyone and welcome back to chef C's
today we're going to be making
everyone's favorite a margherita pizza
homemade piece is so fun and exciting to
make and after you've mastered the
basics you can do whatever you want and
add anything on it and just like always
only thing we need are a few simple
ingredients so let's get started now the
first step we're going to have to do is
rolling out our dough and what that we
need to generously flour out our
workspace area this is going to help
prevent a dough from sticking when we're
rolling it out and so now that we have a
generous amount of flour on the bottom
we're also going to have to add flour to
the top there we go just like that just
simply press with our fingertips working
our way from the inside out and nice
circular motion I'm just trying to
create a nice base circle at the moment
and flip it over and doing the same a
nice little trick of what I found that
helps me a lot whenever I'm rolling out
my dough is this little wine bottle
actually yeah use it for drinking use it
for working there you go so you see how
I just roll it back and forth
spin it around little house circles and
when you get one side moving and coming
alive
we can just flip it over see a nice nice
gentle circle make sure we add a little
bit more flour to the bottom of the
cutting board yeah it's going to help
prevent it from sticking a little bit
more on top as well spread it across and
right now I'm just going to try to
stretch it by hand and just try to
balance out there's some thicker parts
and thinner parts of the dough you just
sort of massage it through different
spots it's good to be gentle with it but
you also want to take control and let
the dough know where it needs to move
yeah yeah
finish it up just like that now what I
like to do is sprinkle the pizza tray
with a bit of semolina what this
semolina flour is going to do is just
going to help the ASET go to slide on
and off very very easily you see that
now it's time to add the sauce simply
just grab a ladle
and starting from the middle work can't
sway from inside out working in a
circular motion you could add as much or
as little sauce as you like I like my
pizza nice and moist so am I going to
add a little bit more than some people
might see those chunks right there
that's a garlic confit it's going to be
so yummy and tasty just explosions of
garlic now let's add our mozzarella
cheese so simply just place it on the
outside break in a nice circle nice
little ring around it and working its
way around you see I'm a native New
Yorker so of course I like a lot of
cheese on mine but if you like you could
hold back on a bit of cheese and it's
totally fine
remember this is your pizza that you're
going to be making at home so add as
much in as little as you like to
whichever you want there we are now just
remember make sure we add a little bit
of seasoning as well
little bit of salt always everything
needs to get seasoned and a few cracks
of fresh cracked black pepper now the
star ingredient to finish this margarita
pizza off it's going to be our basil the
red green and white symbolizes Italian
flag so make sure that every bite gets a
little bit of everything there we go
basil also adds a really nice refreshing
flavor to whatever you're eating and
when it roasts in this oven right here
it's going to add a really whole nother
complete different textural flavor
you're really going to enjoy it I
believe and let's just add one more for
good measure right in the middle where
mmm
there we go perfect and there she is
good old beautiful margarita pizza let's
get ready to put her in the oven so in a
475 degree oven
I'm just going to put this in my pizza
stone and the semolina is really helping
this come off very smoothly place that
in there we are put it in let it hang
out for about eight minutes should be
perfect some ovens are different but
check yours about eight minutes and
check this out oh yeah here that this
has got a really nice crust to the
bottom of it as well
look at this gooeyness yes that's the
New Yorker in me with the cheese pizza
check out this beautiful crust right
here nice
alright let's dig in so quite simply cut
it in quarters spin around
one more chop and this is just way too
tempting I'm gonna have to bite into
this okay I really taste all this piping
hot whew mmm I took your crust hold this
texture soft it's got a good little bite
to it yeah this is this works
ladies and gentlemen it's official it's
a good pizza yes going to have to go
back for some more well there we have it
our margarita homemade pizza great for
friends great for the family and here's
a recipe as following I really hope you
enjoyed this video and making this pizza
as well so give me some feedback in let
me know how it turned out thanks for
watching please like and subscribe